
---
title: "Dominion of Sun and Moon Overview"
draft: false
tags:
  - 
---


The Dominion of Sun and Moon is a land characterized by its harsh and unforgiving landscape. The country is sculpted by a rugged terrain of deep canyons, winding ravines, and fast-flowing rivers, interspersed with towering plateaus that rise defiantly from the ground. The environment is so harsh that only the most formidable predators can traverse its treacherous paths, a testament to the extreme conditions that have shaped the resilient inhabitants of this land.

At the heart of the Dominion stands the Seat of the Dragon, a formidable mountain fortress that serves as the primary settlement. This grand compound is built across the entire width of the plateau, a colossal and heavily fortified structure that dominates the landscape. Beneath the plateau lies a large port, a critical hub for trade and movement in this otherwise isolated region. The Seat of the Dragon is also the seat of power for the Heavenly Dragon, the absolute ruler of the Draconic Cult, who commands a realm steeped in dark tradition.

Historically, the Dominion was home to several influential Draconic cult factions before the Orthodox-Demonic War reshaped its religious and political landscape. Aside from the main cult, the Blood Wyrm Sect, Scribes of the Deathless Scripture and the Lament of the Unchosen existed as subsidiaries. The Blood Wyrm Sect was known for their fierce rituals and blood rites before the Tsugeh Clan and the Lekrith Evyngar clan trapped and eliminated them. The Scribes of the Deathless Scripture, whose vile texts held the secrets of the dead, met their end at the hands of the Adamantine Fist sect and the Guiding Palm sect. The teachings and members of the Lament of the Unchosen disappeared soon after the conclusion of the war, leaving no traces or historical records. 