
---
title: "Jetztara Overview"
draft: false
tags:
  - 
---
 


**Jetztara** is the largest and most geographically rich of the three continents. Directly in the center sits the Great Well, an enormous mountaintop lake. Legend has it that Mereth-Mar, a volcano said to reach the sun, exploded in a massive eruption. The entire continent was leveled in mere moments. The blast wave instantly killed any large fauna or flora. Ash filled the sky, leaving night and day indistinguishable. With the entire sky thick with ash, ceaseless rainstorms plagued the continent for a decade.

Though this cataclysmic event destroyed most complex life on Jetztara, it transformed the continent into something far greater. The once imposing mountaintop is now a lake with tributaries dispersed in every direction. Its blast wave cleared all old growth and sent its innards across the continent. Deposits of ores and gemstones deep within the mountain now lay above ground. The volcanic ash enriched every corner of the continent, multiplying the amount of arable land. From nearby islands, birds flew in, carrying seeds from across Panomar. These seeds planted in the fertile soil, filling Jetztara with a variety of fruit-bearing trees and grain-bearing grasses.

When a group of nomadic settlers chanced upon the continent, they were greeted by a paradise primed for civilization. The abundance of fresh water and arable land had them expand throughout the entire continent. The abundance of food granted them time to pursue the arts and sciences. The abundance of minerals let them build advanced machines and magical devices. The Jetztarans experienced an unending technological golden age as soon as they settled. Unsurprisingly, the sapient civilizations inhabiting Jetztara are far more advanced than their counterparts on other continents. 